{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1343\cocoasubrtf160
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17960\viewh8060\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\qc

\f0\i\b\fs24 \cf0 Things that have to be implemented in the game
\i0\b0 \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 \ul \ulc0 Security Checking:
\b0 \ulnone \
To prevent other people from using bot clients or modified clients we must implement an RSA Verification of some sort, which shouldn't be so hard considering we can actually observe how this is handled in a Runescape Private Server and replicate the process in some way. The RSA Checksum is composed of a public and private key, one given to the client and the other one to the server. We also need to add a special client ID to the.. well, client. A server verification of that ID and many other security features. To make this extremely complex for users to reverse engineer, we must firstly make sure their names are given as extremely obnoxious or quite possibly impossible to guess, a guess would be that one part of the ID is equal to the client version, second one being the server version, and the third part would be the time of build in the same way the database handles the time. Naming each part something really weird, and adding those strings up to create the entire verification identification then having the server to process it should do the trick. If that is not working we must think of other ways. Notice this will be done on server-client handshake and will be repeated each time upon login. \
\ul Please add any ideas\
\
\

\b Game Necessities: 
\b0 \ulnone \
In the near future, we will require a logout system, and buttons positioned at the bottom of the screen should be placed somewhere in the game, we will also need to enlarge the game according to the device screen size (on iPhone, it is not taking up the whole space. This can be potentially achieved by making the maximum upscale to 5 and adding two more upscales, currently, the maximum being 3, the other upscales represent 2/3 and 1/3 of it. Using the maximum upscale of 5 will go using denominators of 5. This also has to be covered. There is however another way to do this and that is to follow the Runescape aspect of auto-resizing. This will be covered in the future in some way. As noted in the general info, and in hopes you've read the before continuing onto this file, the guild system will have to be handled database-side entirely. The current hierarchy would function like the admin ranks, a specific table is called guilds is created with the guild name, and each player who is part of a guild has a specific value set to the guild name, this may not be the best way to do it, however, it is potentially good. \ul If you have any ideas, make sure you add them.\
\
\

\b Suggestions: 
\b0 \ulnone \
The following are ideas of what we could add to the game, firstly, considering people are social beings we must add things to connect the community. Most importantly, a friend list is absolutely necessary, private messaging as well. Some sort of mini-game to keep people attracted to the game. Right now, we must add something called Guild Wars, the idea is that we already have Guilds implemented (has to be fixed, read general info) using the current base, we must make a PVP-Like area where guilds battle one another, and for each guild win, according to the damage dealt, players killed or whatever they will receive a specific number of tickets. The tickets received will be stored in the 
\b Formulas.js
\b0  file. (var ticketsToReceive = player.playerToPlayerDamageDealt + playersKilled / (peopleInGuild + peopleInOpposingGuild)).\
\

\b 1: 
\b0 The game requires various skills to prevent boredom. In such way we must think of new things to add such as Crafting, Woodcutting, Firemaking, and Fletching.\

\b 2: 
\b0 We must implement special abilities to different weapons, this could be triggered by clicking the weapon in the bottom left corner, and having a green-gold colour around it indicating that special ability has been triggered, this will deal more damage and will take up 50% of the special ability bar depending on the weapon.\

\b 3: 
\b0 Implement a trading system, so players can give items to one another, a private messaging system.\

\b 4: 
\b0 The PVP system must be improved to show the player's health level as well as damage that they deal on them.}